---
layout: post
title: Thoughts of Research
date: 2018-10-10
categories: blog
tags: [Life Journal]
description: Innovation is to find out something what all neglects or misunderstand.
---

Oct 10, 2018   Sunny but cold

This days time is busy but peaceful, what is my ideal life. 
If one is in one state, it will be very difficult for hime to change his state, whether his current state is good or not.
Habbit can help us in some conditions, but it can also be harmful.
Insisting originates from habbit, however, idleness also originates from habbit.
One thing we must keep in mind is that we should be the master of habbit, not its slave.
When we are in a good state, we must keep it, and prepare some startegies to help us return to this state in other days.
When we are in a bad state, we must insist on escaping from it, no matter how comfortable it makes us feel.
It is the heart of a man that is the most precious thing.

Many strange thoughts come to me these days, maybe useful or maybe useless.
The Dao, what is the real meaning, not knowing everything but to know everything, it is life itself and always grows, changes and updates itself.
Why all masters do not tell you what it really is? Can it be understanded by teaching?
Because it is all yourself, others can not help you.
It is not only thinking, it also needs a bulk of practice, a lot of pain, a lot of setback and a lot of puzzle.
You must know that everything others tell you can be false, and the world can be wrong.
You must think by yourself.
Others can tell you, but they can not help you to know the feeling that all is wrong, all is right, all is all.
If they tell you what Dao is, then you think you know, then you will not experience all kinds of feelings even you know the world is wrong, then you are far away from Dao.

The research is a process of finding optimization inspirations from a subset of the whole questions, i.e. given examples in detail. 
Then you can extract the rules to form a theory, optimize and extend to a more general one. 
Writing papers is not only a work of summarize, output and display.
More significantly, it is a process to sublimate your work and build a theory that is more tough, strict and general.
Innovation is to find out something what everyone neglects or misunderstands.

Many papers originates from a simple idea, an special insight.
But they never say it out, they hide it from the sights of all.
Because they need to make it complicate, add unnecessary complexity, and make others think their work is so hard to be touched.
A good writer, teller, teacher, researcher, should be the one to make complicate things simple, not to make simple things complicate.
Many things are really complex, but they can be simplified, as much as possible.

